TELCODOCS-1296: Known issues for Telco Core, 4.14 (#65921)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

* An error might occur when deleting a pod that uses an SR-IOV network device. This error is caused by a change in {op-system-base} 9 where the previous name of a network interface is added to its alternative names list when it is renamed. As a consequence, when a pod attached to an SR-IOV virtual function (VF) is deleted, the VF returns to the pool with a new unexpected name, for example, `dev69`, instead of its original name, for example, `ensf0v2`. Although this error is non-fatal, Multus and SR-IOV logs might show the error while the system recovers on its own. Deleting the pod might take a few extra seconds due to this error. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-11281[*OCPBUGS-11281*],link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-18822[*OCPBUGS-18822*], link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19531[*OCPBUGS-19531*])

> * Starting from RHEL 5.14.0-284.28.1.el9_2, if you configure a SR-IOV virtual function with a specific MAC address, you might see configuration errors in the i40e driver. Consequently, Intel 7xx Series NICs might have connectivity issues. As a workaround, avoid specifying MAC addresses in the pod annotation. Instead, use the default address the driver assigns to the virtual function.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHEL-7168[*RHEL-7168*],link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-11281[*OCPBUGS-19536*],link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-18822[*OCPBUGS-19407*], link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19531[*OCPBUGS-18873*])

Reviewer: > you might see configuration errors in the i40e driver

nit: The user would not see any error, neither in the pod events nor in kernel logs.
I'm okay with leaving this statement as is if it's easier to explain.

> * Starting from RHEL 5.14.0-284.28.1.el9_2, if you configure a SR-IOV virtual function with a specific MAC address, you might see configuration errors in the i40e driver. Consequently, Intel 7xx Series NICs might have connectivity issues. As a workaround, avoid specifying MAC addresses in the pod annotation. Instead, use the default address the driver assigns to the virtual function.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHEL-7168[*RHEL-7168*],link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-11281[*OCPBUGS-19536*],link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-18822[*OCPBUGS-19407*], link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19531[*OCPBUGS-18873*])

Reviewer: AFAIK https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-11281 and https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-18822 are not related to this

Author: @zeeke - apologies, that was a copy and paste error. I've fixed that.
The linked bugs are now:
https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHEL-7168
https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19536
https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19407
https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-18873

> * Using a slash when defining a `sysctl` value for bond devices in the `profile` field of a `Tuned` resource might not work. Values with a slash in the `sysctl` specification might not map correctly to the filesystem. As a workaround, create a `MachineConfig` resource with the required values and add the resource to the `/etc/sysctl.d` directory.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHEL-3707[*RHEL-3707*])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Defining a `sysctl` value for a setting with slash in the name (eg. for bond devices) in the `profile` field of a `Tuned` resource might not work. Values with a slash in the `sysctl` option name do not map correctly to the /proc filesystem. As a workaround, create a `MachineConfig` resource that places a configuration file with the required values to the `/etc/sysctl.d` node directory.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHEL-3707[*RHEL-3707*])
```

+
To revert all nodes in the cluster to the cgroups v2 configuration, you must edit the `Node` resource. For more information, see xref:../nodes/clusters/nodes-cluster-cgroups-2.adoc#nodes-clusters-cgroups-2_nodes-cluster-cgroups-2[Configuring Linux cgroup v2]. You cannot revert the cluster to the cgroups v2 configuration by removing the last performance profile. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-16976[*OCPBUGS-16976*])

> * An error might occur when deleting a pod that uses an SR-IOV network device. This error is caused by a change in {op-system-base} 9 where the previous name of a network interface is added to its alternative names list when it is renamed. As a consequence, when a pod attached to an SR-IOV virtual function (VF) is deleted, the VF returns to the pool with a new unexpected name, for example, `dev69`, instead of its original name, for example, `ensf0v2`. Although this error is non-fatal, Multus and SR-IOV logs might show the error while the system recovers on its own. Deleting the pod might take a few extra seconds due to this error. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-11281[*OCPBUGS-11281*],link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-18822[*OCPBUGS-18822*], link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHEL-5988[*RHEL-5988*])

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Currently, an error can occur when deleting a pod that uses an SR-IOV network device. This error is caused by a change in {op-system-base} 9 where the previous name of a network interface is added to the list of alternate names when it is renamed. As a result, when a pod attached to an SR-IOV virtual function (VF) is deleted, the VF returns to the pool with a new unexpected name, such as `dev69`, instead of its original name, such as `ensf0v2`. Although this error is not severe, the Multus and SR-IOV logs can show the error while the system recovers on its own. Deleting the pod can take a few seconds longer due to this error. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-11281[*OCPBUGS-11281*],link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-18822[*OCPBUGS-18822*], link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHEL-5988[*RHEL-5988*])
```

> * Starting from RHEL 5.14.0-284.28.1.el9_2, if you configure a SR-IOV virtual function with a specific MAC address, configuration errors might occur in the i40e driver. Consequently, Intel 7xx Series NICs might have connectivity issues. As a workaround, avoid specifying MAC addresses in the `metadata.annotations` field in the `Pod` resource. Instead, use the default address the driver assigns to the virtual function.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHEL-7168[*RHEL-7168*],link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19536[*OCPBUGS-19536*],link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19407[*OCPBUGS-19407*], link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-18873[*OCPBUGS-18873*])

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Starting from `RHEL 5.14.0-284.28.1.el9_2`, you can experience configuration errors in the i40e driver if you configure a virtual function SR-IOV with a specific MAC address. As a result, configuration errors might occur in the i40e driver. Consequently, Intel 7xx Series NICs might experience connectivity issues. As a workaround, avoid specifying MAC addresses in the `metadata.annotations` field in the Pod resource. Instead, use the default address that the driver assigns to the virtual function.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHEL-7168[*RHEL-7168*],link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19536[*OCPBUGS-19536*],link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19407[*OCPBUGS-19407*], link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-18873[*OCPBUGS-18873*])
```

> * Defining a `sysctl` value for a setting with slash in the name, for example for bond devices, in the `profile` field of a `Tuned` resource might not work. Values with a slash in the `sysctl` option name do not map correctly to the `/proc` filesystem. As a workaround, create a `MachineConfig` resource that places a configuration file with the required values to the `/etc/sysctl.d` node directory.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHEL-3707[*RHEL-3707*])

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Currently, defining a `sysctl` value for a setting with a slash in its name, such as for bond devices, in the `profile` field of a `Tuned` resource might not work. Values with a slash in the `sysctl` option name are not mapped correctly to the `/proc` filesystem. As a workaround, create a `MachineConfig resource that places a configuration file with the required values in the `/etc/sysctl.d` node directory.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHEL-3707[*RHEL-3707*])
```

> * Due to an issue with Kubernetes, the CPU Manager is unable to return CPU resources from the last pod admitted to a node to the pool of available CPU resources. These resources are allocatable if a subsequent pod is admitted to the node. However, this in turn becomes the last pod, and again, the CPU manager cannot return this pod's resources to the available pool. 
> +
> This issue affects CPU load balancing features because these features depend on the CPU Manager releasing CPUs to the available pool. Consequently, non-guaranteed pods might run with a reduced number of CPUs. As a workaround, schedule a pod with a `best-effort` CPU Manager policy on the affected node. This pod will be the last admitted pod and this ensures the resources will be correctly released to the available pool.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-17792[*OCPBUGS-17792*])

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Currently, due to an issue with Kubernetes, the CPU Manager is unable to return CPU resources from the last pod admitted to a node to the pool of available CPU resources. These resources can be allocated when a subsequent pod is admitted to the node. However, this in turn becomes the last pod, and again the CPU manager cannot return the resources of this pod to the available pool.
+
This issue affects the CPU load balancing features because these features depend on the CPU Manager releasing CPUs to the available pool. Consequently, non-guaranteed pods can run with a reduced number of CPUs. As a workaround, schedule a pod with a best-effort CPU Manager policy on the affected node. This pod will be the last pod allowed, ensuring that resources are properly released to the available pool.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-17792[*OCPBUGS-17792*])
```

> * Due to how the Machine Config Operator (MCO) handles machine configurations for worker pools and custom pools, the MCO might apply an incorrect cgroup version argument for custom pools. As a consequence, nodes in the custom pool might feature an incorrect cgroup kernel argument that causes unpredictable behavior. As a workaround, specify cgroup version kernel arguments for worker and control plane pools only.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19352[*OCPBUGS-19352*])

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Currently, the MCO might apply an incorrect cgroup version argument for custom pools, depending on how the Machine Config Operator (MCO) handles machine configurations for worker pools and custom pools. As a result, nodes in the custom pool might have an incorrect cgroup kernel argument, resulting in unpredictable behavior. As a workaround, specify the cgroup version kernel arguments only for worker and control plane pools.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19352[*OCPBUGS-19352*])
```

+
This issue affects CPU load balancing features because these features depend on the CPU Manager releasing CPUs to the available pool. Consequently, non-guaranteed pods might run with a reduced number of CPUs. As a workaround, schedule a pod with a `best-effort` CPU Manager policy on the affected node. This pod will be the last admitted pod and this ensures the resources will be correctly released to the available pool.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-17792[*OCPBUGS-17792*])

* Due to how the Machine Config Operator (MCO) handles machine configurations for worker pools and custom pools, the MCO might apply an incorrect cgroup version argument for custom pools. As a consequence, nodes in the custom pool might feature an incorrect cgroup kernel argument that causes unpredictable behavior. As a workaround, specify cgroup version kernel arguments for worker and control plane pools only.(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19352[*OCPBUGS-19352*])

> * Currently, due to a race condition between the application of a udev rule on physical network devices and the application of the default requests per second (RPS) mask to all network devices, some physical network devices might feature the wrong RPS mask configuration. As a consequence, a performance degradation might affect the physical network devices with the wrong RPS mask configuration. This known issue will be fixed in an upcoming z-stream release.

Reviewer 4: LGTM

Reviewer 5: Looks good to me.
